# Meeting 22/02/2020

## Stand Ups

- David

  - LAWRA:
    - Finished development and emailed clients but no response so far
    - **Action**: email again
  - CFC website: Updated current website to show unmaintained so people don't sign. People still signing up.
  - Home2Health:
    - Reviewed PRs
    - Helped project members
    - Set up and automate CI/CD
    - Attended meetings
  - **Action**: set up domain name for Home2Health
  - **Action**: host Home2Health backend on Heroku if clients are willing to pay $10 per month.

- Thai

  - Worked on CFC website and got better at React

- Jeremiah

  - Friends of the Ground:
    - Reviewed PRs
    - Contributed code
    - Made issues
  - CFC website:
    - Worked on for and during Orientation Day
  - Set up hosting for FoG for client presentation
  - Did Orientation Day and got sign ups

- Drew

  - Friends of the Ground:
    - Contributed code
    - Much done for the admin pages
    - Did close mentoring and pair programming
  - Orientation Day
    - Got sign ups
    - (Invited) lecture bashing
  - P2S
    - Communicated with clients on status of project
    - **Action**: present a usable MVP

- Innocent:
  - Client Officer:
    - Liaision with the clients for Home2Health and FoG
    - Procure content and resources for projects
    - Kept scope tight and reasonable
    - Talked with potential clients
  - Friends of the Ground:
    - Made design
  - Home2Health:
    - Contributed code
    - Helped people with Home2Health
  - TEDxUWA
    - Fixed hosting
  - Teach Learn Grow
    - Needs more developers
      - Potentially members of Home2Health or FoG once they are complete and members' interests
    - Delayed due to underestimating scope

- Daniel
  - Home2Health
    - Made issues
    - Contributed code
    - Reviewed PRs
    - Helped people get started
      - Showed them what resources to go through
        - Should have mentored them closer
      - Gave them small tasks to do
    - Pushed progress towards the end

## Agenda

- Notion

  - Proposed to be used as a main repository of internal club information and notes i.e. club wiki
  - **Action**: set up (Drew)

- Sundowner

  - Date: 5:30 PM, Thursday 5th of March
  - Location: Matilda Bay
  - **Action**: Either buy the food or drinks (as Makers payed for the tent)
  - **Action**: Advertise

- AGM

  - Date: 4:00 PM, Tuesday 17th of March
  - **Action**: Advertise
    - Inform current project members
    - Email those signed up on O day and everyone else
    - Post on Facebook
  - **Action**: social event before or after AGM

- Handover

  - **Action**: President will hand over things to the next President

- Constitution

  - Proposed amendment: The club VP liaise with clients and the role of Client Officer is removed

- Guild Volunteering

  - **Action**: President signed up for Guild Volunteering so Drew needs to go to a meeting and report on it
  - Need a Volunteering Officer to...
    - Plan volunteering events
    - Manage induction
    - Take volunteering hours
    - **Action**: allocate role to new OCM

- Feedback

  - **Action**: set up Google Form for anonymous feedback from current project members (Daniel)
