# Stand Ups
- Josh
    - Had Innocent and David come to a TLG meeting to talk about a potential TLG project
    - The project would be similar to P2S
    - Has been working on P2S besides that
- Daniel
    - Absolutely nothing
- Drew
    - Working on more P2S. 
        - Finished auto-generation functionality
    - We got a club frisbee this week!
    - Need to make a UI for the Raspberry Pi dashboard with Minh.
- David
    - Wrote a blog post for the CFC blog. 
        - Would like some feedback on project learnings, and issues that we may face.
    - It's hard to engage students and clients, as part of this involves upskilling both parties.
    - Thinks that TLG will be a great project, since people involved come from a tech background already.
        - Excited to manage this project from beginning to the end.
        - Wants to build up the scaffold of the website instead of making everyone starting from scratch. 
        - Interviews for projects will help us filter out people who are not willing to learn.
- Innocent
    - Went to the TLG meeting with David to plan on how to tackle their project.
    - Will be meeting with Imagine on Sunday.
    - Needs to setup post evaluation for clients and other people involved in the project.
# Agenda
- New Meeting Time
    - 5PM on Mondays
- Law Hackathon
    - Jeremiah submitted the hours that we did for the hackathon. Waiting to hear back from them.
- Immersive Technologies
    - Drew will ask whether they would be willing to come to the networking night
- Networking Night and reporting costs
    - Need to make sure that the budget is proper.
    - David will help Drew report on a budget.
- Makers VPS Server
    - Fraser was wondering if we would like to handle the Makers server.
    - The server is used to host the Makers access portal.
    - We will ask Fraser for more information but the current decision is no.
- Project Teams Event
    - Josh and Ekin will discuss what kind of event they would like put on
- Recruitment
    - We should start advertising for our summer projects
    - We will interview people this time to see if they are fit for the projects.
    - Josh and Ekin will discuss this further.
- Discord Bot
    - A discord bot can help us create events on Discord to remind members of any upcoming events.
    - The bot would also register members under certain names, similar to the Ethical Hacking bot.
    - Drew would like to know any cool extra features that anyone can come up with.