# Stand Ups
- Ekin
    - Ordered committee shirts for Josh, David and Innocent
- Drew
    - Working on P2S a lot
    - Designed the new business cards with Jeremiah
    - Will be presenting for first years during orientation
- David
    - Working on projects
    - Need to reach out to clients and update them when more progress is made
    - For project shirts, designs need to be finalized
    - Instead of shirts, maybe bottles, or bobble heads?
-  Thai
    - Working on projects, did an amazing job with the LAWRA Chatbot
- Daniel
    - Working on Home2Health
    - Feels like it's going well, may need more specification from David on how to complete certain tasks.
- Notes on Projects
    - The projects need to be more structured to make sure that the projects are progressing in the way we would like them to.
    - This could range from approaching bigger companies for sponsorships, conducting interviews, doing more social events to have students more invested in us as people

# Agenda
- Law Hackathon
    - Jeremiah spoke to Kate about the upcoming Law Hackathon
    - Dates: August 16th-August 18th
    - Gonna be there for FREE drinks on Friday
    - CFC can handle the tutoring part and David can get someone from Readify to judge
    - Volunteers will get Coles/Myer gift cards.
- SAC Meeting
    - The faculty really liked our presentation last semester so they would like to highlight us during orientation
- Drew's Presentation
    - Drew will make a presentation on what uni teaches vs. what it doesn't teach on Tuesday
    - Drew is also gonna make a Kahoot to make the presentation engaging
    - Engineering Theatre 2 at 11:30 AM
- Postgrad Expo
    - Happening on Wednesday at 5-6PM. We will have a stand there for people.
    - It will be in Clough.
- Open Day
    - We will either get a space in Clough or Ezone.
    - 9AM-4PM on August 4th.
- Data Science Club Quiz Night
    - They are asking whether we would like to help them organize it
    - We will be collaborating with them.
- Events for the Semester
    - Networking Night
        - Companies to reach out to:
            - Google
            - Microsoft
            - AWS
            - PWC
            - Rio Tinto
            - BHP
            - Woodside (Jake)
            - Bankwest (Alex)
        - Representatives can give talks/advice before networking starts
        - Aiming to organize it by Week 8
    -Git Challenge
        - Have a git repo for people to fix while helping them learn git
        - Can replicate this for other workshops for C, Python, etc.
        - Drew, Ekin and Jeremiah will organize this.
    - CS Forums
        - Advertise our channels on the help forums
        - Add some study guides and notes for the fresher classes or at least the most popular ones.
        