# Stand Ups
- Innocent
    - Home2Health finally replied. 
    - Went to a meeting with the LAWRA clients/CLCs. 
        - On good track with the project. We have more than what they needed.
    - Was supposed to have a meeting with TLG but had to reschedule.
    - Planning on working more on the Home2Health. The database and the registration page needs to be done.
    - The Ignite Mentoring project has been handed over! Yay!
- Josh
    - Was supposed to have a meeting with TLG, but that will be rescheduled next week.
    - Worked on P2S.
- Drew
    - Forgot to go to the SAC Meeting but sent a really nice email so it's OK.
    - Thanks to Ben from Makers, we can implement a lock for the fridge. Students would use their student cards and if they're a member, they can open the fridge.
    - Working on setting up the Raspberry Pi club dashboard that can showcase various club data. We can integrate that woth the website.
    - Event Discord bot: The committee can use the Discord Bot to post events. This will come in the future.
- Daniel
    - Worked on the Python Workshop poster. It is nearing its completion.
- Ekin
    - Will talk to Venues today about booking a Lecture Theatre for the Python workshop.
- David
    - Wants to jump onto Home2Health and LAWRA.

# Agenda
- SOC Meeting
    - At 6 today
    - Ekin will go to the SOC Meeting for CFC
- The Python Workshop
    - Would rather be spending more time teaching the language to people rather than the basics.
    - Wants to go through some very basic properties of the language, and then show them how to use Python outside of Thonny.
    - Will take 2 hours.
    - Need to find a venue first before we start advertising.
- The Law Hackathon
    - David and Jeremiah will be judging
    - Most of committee will be there during the days of the Hackathon.