# Meeting 09/23/2019

## Stand Ups
- Josh
	- Has been preparing a general layout and questions for interviews.
	- Some key criteria we are looking for is teamwork, passion, etc.
	- One person could ask questions during the interview while the other person can take notes.
- Innocent
	- Talked more to the LAWRA clients
	- Have been busy with midsems
	- Thinks what David has been doing is very good
	- Thinks that pairing up people with committee members for projects could provide more engagement and support to the project members.
- Drew
	- Emailed Ezone last Friday about booking the Ezone classrooms
	- Still waiting for a reply from them. Will go to visit them personally if he doesn't hear back from them by tomorrow.
	- Emailed Data Science about their availability for meeting about the Networking Night.
	- We can work on the dashboard and the website during the study break. 
	- Will change the boardgame night for AI to Thursday. Ekin will post the updated link to the help forum. 4PM on Thursday.
- Daniel
	- Forwarded an email
- Minh
	- Made the event pages for the board game night and the networking night.
- Thai
	- Had a lot of assignments
- Ekin
	- Signed the proposal for the Networking Night quote
	- Will follow up on it after she has turned in HPC.
- David
	- Will be busy in the upcoming weeks with a work project.
	- Wants to complete things that he has presented on the Todo list on slack.
		- Would be nice to get the tasks done on the Todo list before our projects.
		- Will make interview organization for projects easier.
	- For projects, David wants to make a base template for people to follow.
- Jeremiah
	- Got EEWA to come to our boardgame night.

## Agenda
- Projects to do for the Summer
	- LAWRA Project Update
		- The LAWRA group and the CLCs are in conflict in terms of interest
		- There project is a bit stuck, as the next step for the project is not yet known
		- We don't need to dedicate as many resources to the project as others, since it is not going forward right now.
	- Projects that will be done:
		- FoG
		- Home2Health
		- TLG
	- We will have a separate meeting to discuss projects in-depth.
- Networking Night
	- Drew will send out a generic email to the participants about what we would like them to do for the night.
	- Jeremiah has contacting Rio Tinto, BHP, Backwest, and Woodside, and is waiting for responses from them.
	- Immersive Technologies has been confirmed to come. David will be bringing 2 representatives from Telstra Purple.
